Updated and simplified some of the mobile iOS docs (#11429)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/configuration/ios-tvos-crash-reporting.mdx

Crash reporting is enabled by default, but there are some circumstances where it will be disabled:

> * **If running in simulator:** A build running through the simulator cannot be symbolicated.

Reviewer: @cdillard-NewRelic Can we make this into a full phrase? i.e., "If the app is running in a simulator:"

Reviewer 2: Yeah your edit plus one clarification in the last part looks good. 👍 
```suggestion
* **If the app is running in a simulator:** An app running through the simulator cannot be used with crash reporting. The simulator crashes cannot be symbolicated.
```
